You
I
Wouldn't want that Ike smorty we better run before it figures out what a husband is
We've seen too much it sucks you know because it's fun to break off a scare now and then I hear you fellows wishing for some good old-fashioned
Scars, I mean I'm more wish you wouldn't eavesdrop. Yeah, who are you?
Does the suit mean you work here or that you super don't work here like yourselves?
I'm a connoisseur of fear
I'm also originally from Earth and did you know earth is the home of the single scariest place in the galaxy?
I can show you she's like we were headed that way anyway
Take a left almost there. We know where earth is her guys like you you know who's seen it all
There's only a few radio fears left to conquer and one of them is right down here
Okay, what the hell yeah, this is punching down Denny's is a nice chain that gives people starchy food when they're out
It's a heck joke buddy. Nope. This is the place
Good luck to both of you. I'm gonna get myself a slam
He just wanted a ride right certainly took us for one
Well as long as we're here
Okay, lumberjack slam, graham slam, witch pancake puppy slam burger, two milkshakes and an order of cheddar tots
Let me know what you want your check and if you're here for the whole it's in the men's bathroom
The what now? Oh the fear hole men's bathroom
Well, it's definitely a hole they weren't lying about that is that hair seaweed boy
It's really circling the whole rim. Yes. You got to jump in without touching the sides
He think there's spikes on the bottom. I don't think they want you to go in there and just die
What kind of business would that be? Well, they're not drowning in money. They still have a built-in TV VCR
Hey, it's that carnival guy. Oh, so he gets a kickback. Hi. Welcome to the hole
Here's how it works you jump in the hole manifest your greatest fear you conquer that fear and come out
Well fearless and get your picture on the wall. What does the whole get out of it?
Well, you know those fish that nibble dead skin off your feet. Yeah, the hole's kind of like that
It eats fear you win it wins have fun and enjoy the whole
Hey good offing cool your jets with a taste of roundu. This has been here since VHS tapes and there's only three photos
Yeah, my tots are getting cold so you don't want to do it you I mean
It says it takes away your greatest fear my greatest fear Morty is trusting a gross hole to conquer my fear
And I conquer that fear by walking away. Okay fine
I
My god, you both reek what is that morning I shit our pants you're looking at the two newest members of the whole club
Killed her take care
No, oh my god, no
Mom, where am I? Who are you people? You're my mom, but you're young Rick. What's happening? Wait, Rick
What the fuck grandpa say something?
Okay, we're clearly still in the hole exactly what I was thinking ever left the hole and part of the hole is thinking you left the hole
And then I can really dig into you because you can't really be scared of anything if you know you're still in the hole
What the fuck are you two talking about? Why is that grandma alive in our living room Rick? Why are you old?
All great questions. You guys get reacquainted while we grab some equipment
Wait, are we sure this isn't like a double mislead a double mislead like we went into a generic fear hole
And then coincidentally came home to that that's that's my wife from the day I've lost her well
What's it got to do with me?
Rick right I think I figured it out Morty your greatest fear is me getting Diane back and being happy again
What why because then I won't need you look how scared you're getting just talking about it scared
I'm insulted
That my greatest fear is you looking up. You're right. We can't know for sure until I get more data
All right family who wants to catch up over ice cream?
I knew he was working on teleportation, but wouldn't this be time travel?
Never touch his time travel he calls it the long island iced tea of science fiction. Yes, but then what what is this?
Don't worry about it. It's not real
Okay, I figured it's better to do this in front of you. I didn't want to walk in de-aged. What do you think T 45 younger?
I don't care about your age Rick. I don't even want to call you that. That's my husband's name. He just died
I know
So 27 dad you're traumatizing her what it's my face to and now Diane gets to understand that I'm still sexy and a genius
What a kindness you were right Rick? I'm really terrified right now
Terrified of what if you don't mind I'd like to get to know the adult version of my oh my god
Where's my real daughter sweetie? It's all right
This may as well be our real daughter because she's just as real as you what put it this way
You're all basically NPCs only Morty and I are real so your side quests don't matter the main quest is us
Disgusting you're talking about our baby girl like she's theoretical
Welcome to the family. No you don't get it honey even if this was real
She'd only be a version of your daughter who could also be a clone of your daughter
Stop wearing my husband's face
Nothing like him because I lost you maybe you didn't deserve me
You want to hear a new theory maybe your greatest fear is getting a second chance with her and blowing it
You don't think that fear has been pretty well-faced then you haven't conquered it or
Accepted it or something or something
Morty all rom-coms have an arc even you've got mail begins with Tom Hanks killing that cop really I don't know
I'm not gonna fucking watch you've got mail
I'm doing this for you Morty the sooner I get her back the sooner you can conquer your fear of being a useless lonely turd
You don't think that's been faced
Hello Diane here's the song I rehearse you had a bad day and Rick made it worse
He felt bad so he created me I deliver you waffles and an apology
Damn it there was a whole second verse about inviting you to the zoo with the family
Yeah, I used them on a law enforcement drone that the feds had me build so we
How I met my wife
The zoo sounds nice
And this one time we raised a civilization living on a zit on my face and grandpa helped me rule over it as queen
It sounds like you guys are a real family now. I wish you could have been part of it mom
Rick is there a deadline on the stair you're chasing yeah, sure that's a good idea Morty. Did you do that? I
Always wished I knew what they were saying your master's thesis non-human intelligence when did you read that?
After you were gone it helped me develop this
Anti-climactic isn't it yeah, they
Hey, I'm gonna grab a drink
Oh
When did you stop being a lightweight kept looking for my wife at the bottom of a bottle
Hey to being pathetic
Clear
We tell you what old man seems like losing me major cooler I should die more often
You did
You died everywhere forever
You're the only thing I can't replace
Okay, mr. Weepy. I'm not even real remember nothing's real that you're jam right my grandson
Our grandson thinks this is happening because my greatest fear is letting you go don't I don't want to
I'm old and we have puke mouth. I'm not here. It's not real puke
Okay, Rick, whoa, dude you morty. It's a blazer. It's not what he meant
He looks sick the hole is feeding on you thought it's supposed to eat my fear
Can we get some fucking rules up in this hole?
Maybe you're dying because you've been in here too long interesting theory. I wonder why you're so rosy cheeked
What are you saying? Maybe the real you was off somewhere running from spiders. Oh, so now I'm not real
Yeah, maybe my greatest fear is having to tell you to fuck the fuck off
Hey ready to show this pizza. Let me see that fair play Benjo
I'm afraid of watching you die. I like that theory Morty. So stop watching
Okay, this is it you nailed it my worst nightmare. I'd like to leave the hole now
Hey, hey hole talking to you. Are you listening?
So what are you like the hole the holes promoter that the holes in turn is there a hole here
Right, I'm supposed to go in there and be shocked that there's no hole or that there is a hole
What difference would it make? Hmm?
You are hard to scare and rick isn't right
The hole's gonna like suck on him forever because his big secret is that he's got the most fear
Well, we can certainly say you're not afraid to be reductive
I doubt your grandpa has more fear than the average asshole in the denny's
Sorry, if anything he seems pretty brave. Certainly not afraid to die. Maybe that makes his fear extra
delicious
So what he's scared of love everyone's scared of love dipshit you learn that in your 20s
It takes a very rare very powerful being to be
Terrified of happiness done. You're done. That's why you're not scared to be happy the smarter you are the more you know
Happiness is a trap. It can't last forever. Let's say you meet the love of your life. Well, it's still gonna happen
It's inevitable whether by the slow pull of a disease or the shock of loose footing and a hiking trail
Whether it be the corrosion of two personalities that reshape each other until they're incompatible
Or maybe the old stranger in a bar who says the things that need to be said to that person that night
The point is happiness always ends best case scenario think about this best case
Is that you die at the same time?
Yikes, can't the hole just let me go then? Sounds like I don't matter
You don't but if you go you'll take him away. Don't worry. Rick will die before accepting happiness after that
We'll chase you with some clowns or some dumb shit like that, but grandpa
Yummy, yummy grandpa's gonna die just like
Sir you've been in this booth for a really long time one coffee isn't gonna cut it. That's fair. Want to split some pancake puppies? No
Yeah
Dad it's not real either you if that's true then you deal with it. You know what you're you're right
How about this what are you doing?
How is that not enough fear you're the one scaring me morty no no dad it's okay. It's not okay. That wasn't normal
My greatest fear is not being accepted it should be and you need to fear the hell of a lot more
I can do that
Do you want to die? I have enough unaddressed trauma to flood this hallway
You fucking idiot this list has top five things and you only wrote down four
Tristful
None of us touch or speak to this kid ever
Maybe maybe take a picture to send it to your friends. Not a bad idea
How can we do the school play if johnny has laryn gyda?
There's no understudy put me in the play. You don't know the lines. Yes, I do
Three days of rain. I haven't memorized and I refuse to prove that until you cast me
Have it your way, but the new york times is coming and they're doing a feature on the current state of young american theater
Perfect
It ended in a church
What?
Yeah, they'd already died. It was purgatory or something. How did your universe's version end?
Jack Lawkins Sawyer teamed up to kill a fog monster and everyone got rescued
It was one season long and it was perfect television. Uh, you can be great or you can be around forever, right? True true true
True true
Where's this going? We doing robot role play? Okay, we got the oil at home. What was that?
True
Hey, stay with me. Diane rick. What's happening? Look in morty. He's trying to hog the hole. Come on
Alas our father is dead
Walker, are you here?
Uh, I I'm walker
uh
Sure has been raining a lot of days
What the fuck is he doing? What's wrong with him? He's naked and why does he look sick?
Because he's dying
Fuck I gotta get him out of here. But if I do I might have to go with him
I don't want to I don't want to Diane. I think my greatest fear is letting you go. That's a good fear rick
Keep that fear if you don't you'll kill me again
I know but I don't have to kill morty too. How do you know he's even real? Look at his weird little balls
Goodbye Diane
Shut up morty dj drop that beat we gotta conquer a fear
This is my grandson to look at his pee pee set the stairs in it morty put your eyes on me and me
I'm a ropes out free loose dog in my ass macaroni in my pocket rickety master class
Incredible now throw your hands up and put your hands down throw your hands up and put them back down
three days of rain
That was an astounding feat of personal bravery nudity always makes theater serious and good
How do you feel?
accepted you pathetic
by
happy
We did it we conquered our fears right?
Uh
Hey rick you you just look real sad which
I'm afraid of you know of being responsible for your sadness
Which means I think we might still be in the hole. Huh?
Well, I am definitely afraid of you ever knowing anything before me. So yeah, I'd say there's a hundred percent chance that we're
God
Is this gonna be a whole thing no word play morty
We have to figure out our actual fears if we're ever gonna get out of here actual fears
Yeah, tell me your fucking fear so we can conquer it
I just had to crucify myself in order to save you from your whole wife
And you think I'm the one with unresolved fears. I ought to be afraid that we'll never get out because you'll never admit that you're afraid
Okay, good job you conquered it right I think so. Uh, how are we supposed to know? No, no, this is real
I can tell you're not afraid that you could be certain about something and still turn out to be wrong
You cowardly asshole, how was I supposed to know?
Eight dollars for a side of bacon
Are you fucking kidding me the symptom of a larger concern morty if capitalism collapses are we done here?
I don't know. Are you a little afraid at this point of the hole itself? What?
I swear to god if we're still climbing out of this fucking hole two seasons from now
Maybe that was it. What maybe we needed to let go of our fear of uncertainty. You know, right?
Uh, I'd say we're pretty native to that at this point. Okay. Thank you. Thank you. We no longer need to know for in you. So
Bye
Are you afraid we're still in it? I mean, I hope or not, but if we are we'll find out eventually which no longer scares me same
Okay, I'm gonna go get drunk
You'll feel better
It's time
Time alone can't heal this heart of mine
Can't go back that's the only rule
The rules were meant to break when it comes to you
I saw time and time
Slip by when I'm in
Without you
Without
So I bury my dead and I try to start again
But it will never be the same as it was back then
I've seen time and time
Slipped by that I'll make to because I won't leave my
I'm turning to my dad
Maybe there's no way out. Maybe we were born here. Uh, come on. We're gonna get through this
I'm staying here. No, we're rick and morty. I'm not leaving without you
What what did you say? I said I'm not leaving you in here. Come on. You're you're implacable. You're implacable
What oh my god, uh, I know what I'm afraid of
I'm afraid you'd never say that in real life
I'm afraid that if I jumped into a hole you wouldn't even bother jumping in after me
You just stand there and watch this entire thing has been about me. You're not even in the hole. Are you?
Thank you for visiting the fear hole morty your fear of relying on rick has been delicious
Morty, how was it? Oh, is it spiders? Oh
Oh, geez. Oh my god. No you
You didn't go in at all. No, it's a one person ride
You can't face two peers at the same time if my fear was fire and yours was water. I get it. It's fine
It really is fine. Huh, you do seem a little less burdened rick. Am I
Irreplaceable, I mean define irreplaceable. That's good. Good
Back
Oh, I won't know if I'm out. Is it that good should I go in? Oh, you holding out on me
You don't want to deal with it rick. There was messed up mental shit in there like diane was in there. What's not in a good way
Just trust me. Okay, buddy. Let's go slam some pancakes
Oh
We how about that season seven it was touching go there for a second or remember when I stole my kid
I stole one of these too
It's all about having a goal and stopping it nothing to achieve it then you'll be fulfilled
It is it did you get any of that?